at least one variant of Breakout that you thought was interesting and what was interesting about it:
	Vortex was the most interesting variant to me. I thought it was interesting because it changed the idea that a
	brick-breaking game had to be linearly configured, and instead introduced circular motion for the paddle and a circular
	configuration for the bricks/field
	
a general description of the different levels you intend to build (perhaps with "pictures" of the block configurations)
	After each level, decrease the distance between the blocks and the blast-zone (where you lose a life if the ball reaches)
		and increase the speed of the ball.
	Level 1: A relatively easy level--2 rows of 1-hit blocks (blocks which take one hit to break) and 1 row of 2-hit bricks
	Level 2: First row has 2-hit blocks and ice blocks. Second and third rows have 1-hit blocks and 2-hit blocks. Last row
		has unbreakable blocks and 3-hit blocks.
	Level 3: First row has 3-hit blocks and unbreakable blocks. Second row has 2-hit blocks. Third and fourth row have
	3-hit blocks and ice blocks. Fifth row has unbreakable blocks and 3-hit blocks.
	
several different blocks you want to create
	When any block is broken, it has a chance of releasing a power-up. Blocks that are harder to break
		have a higher chance of releasing a power-up
	1-hit block: takes one hit to break
	2-hit block: takes 2 hits to break. Give more points than 1-hit blocks
	3-hit block: takes 3 hits to break Give more points than 2-hit blocks
	Ice block: Impossible to break unless you have the Fireball power-up (don't need to clear to end the level)
	Unbreakable block: Impossible to break (don't need to clear to end the level)
	
several different power ups you want to create
	Each power-up has an associated likelihood of appearing, depending on how good it is.
	Extra ball: Adds an extra ball to the field
	Sticky paddle: Ball sticks to paddle. Press spacebar to release the ball
	Increase size: Increases the size of the paddle
	Fireball: Ball speeds up considerably, but clears away all the blocks in its path (excluding unbreakable blocks)
		and doesn't change direction unless it hits the boundary, the paddle, or an unbreakable block
	Points power-up: Adds more points to the player's score
	
several different cheat keys you are planning to include
	Numeric key (1-3) --> skip to that level
	'L' --> adds extra life
	'F' --> makes ball faster
	'S' --> makes ball slower
	'R' --> resets ball/paddle to initial position
	'E' --> adds extra ball to field
	
something extra you intend to add and why you think it is a substantial addition
	Set up field in circular configuration like in 'Vortex.' Except, the paddle is closer to the center of the screen
	and the blocks are further away. The paddle guards a circular planet, which is why the title of this game will be
	"Planet Protector." If the ball hits the planet, you lose a life. This is a substantial addition because it means
	converting the typical linear system/coordinates to a circular system/coordinates